Fix manage data for traces (#1050)
timescale/docs: promscale/manage-data/retention.md

# Configure data retention policies in Promscale

> You can control for how long metric and trace data is retained in Promscale. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control how long metric and trace data is retained in Promscale. 
```

A maintenance job periodically removes metric and trace data that is outside

> the defined retention period. The maintenance job is automatically scheduled
> in TimescaleDB version 2.0 and higher using the job scheduling function. If 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the defined retention period. In TimescaleDB 2.0 and above, the maintenance
job is automatically scheduled using the job scheduling function. If 
```

you are using an earlier version of TimescaleDB, you can use `cron` or a 
similar scheduling tool to schedule the maintenance task. See the
[installation instructions][promscale-install] for your platform for more
details.

## Configure data retention for metrics
You can set a default data retention period for metrics, and override the
default on a per-metric basis.

> You can change the default retention period for metrics by adjusting the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the default retention period for metrics by adjusting the 
```

> `retention_period` parameter of the
> `prom_api.set_default_retention_period(retention_period INTERVAL)`
> function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`retention_period` parameter of the function
`prom_api.set_default_retention_period(retention_period INTERVAL)`:
```

```sql
SELECT prom_api.set_default_retention_period(30 * INTERVAL '1 day')
```

> If you have specific metrics you need to retain for longer you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have specific metrics you need to retain for longer, use
```

> the `prom_api.set_metric_retention_period(metric_name TEXT, new_retention_period INTERVAL)`
> function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the function
`prom_api.set_metric_retention_period(metric_name TEXT, new_retention_period INTERVAL)`:
```

```sql
SELECT prom_api.set_metric_retention_period('container_cpu_usage_seconds_total', 180 * INTERVAL '1 day')
```

> Finally, you can reset a specific metric retention to the default metric 
> retention by using the `prom_api.reset_metric_retention_period(metric_name TEXT)`
> function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reset an overridden metric retention period to the default
by using the function `prom_api.reset_metric_retention_period(metric_name TEXT)`
```

```

You can change the retention period by adjusting the `trace_retention_period`

> parameter of the
> `ps_trace.set_trace_retention_period(trace_retention_period INTERVAL)`
> function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
parameter of the function
`ps_trace.set_trace_retention_period(trace_retention_period INTERVAL)`:
```
